AMP-125615 [Doc] add doc for network tracking (#662)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/ios_sdk/en/ios-swift-sdk.md

When you enable this setting, Amplitude tracks the `[Amplitude] Screen Viewed` event and sets the screen name property of this event to the name of the top-most view controller's class. Amplitude reads this value from the controller class metadata `viewDidAppear` method swizzling.

### Track network requests

You can enable Amplitude to start tracking network requests by including `AutocaptureOptions.networkTracking` in the `autocapture` configuration.

{{partial:admonition type="warning" heading=""}}

> This feature does not work with requests sent by `URLConnection`. Also does not work on watchOS and iOS 13.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature doesn't work with requests sent by `URLConnection` or on watchOS and iOS 13.
```

{{/partial:admonition}}

{{partial:tabs tabs="Swift, Obj-C"}}
{{partial:tab name="Swift"}}
```swift
let amplitude = Amplitude(configuration: Configuration(
    apiKey: "API_KEY",
    autocapture: .networkTracking
))
```
{{/partial:tab}}
{{partial:tab name="Obj-C"}}
```objc
AMPConfiguration *configuration = [AMPConfiguration initWithApiKey:@"API_KEY"];
configuration.autocapture = [[AMPAutocaptureOptions alloc] initWithOptionsToUnion:@[AMPAutocaptureOptions.networkTracking]];
Amplitude *amplitude = [Amplitude initWithConfiguration:configuration];
```
{{/partial:tab}}
{{/partial:tabs}}

> With the default configuration, the SDK tracks network requests from all hosts (except `*.amplitude.com`) with status code `500` to `599`. If you want to customize the tracking behavior, you can set `Configuration.networkTrackingOptions` with `NetworkTrackingOptions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the default configuration, the SDK tracks network requests from all hosts (except `*.amplitude.com`) with status code `500` to `599`. To customize the tracking behavior,  set `Configuration.networkTrackingOptions` with `NetworkTrackingOptions`.
```

- A request to `example.com` with response code 503: match with last rule's hosts -> match with statusCodeRange filter -> captured
- A request to `example.com` with response code 401: match with last rule's hosts -> not match with statusCodeRange filter -> ignored
- A request to `notmyapi.com` with response code 401: not match with last rule's hosts -> match with first rule's hosts -> match with statusCodeRange filter -> captured
- A request to `notmyapi.com` with response code 200: not match with last rule's hosts -> match with first rule's hosts -> not match with statusCodeRange filter -> ignored

{{/partial:admonition}}

The default configuration tracks all hosts except `*.amplitude.com` with status code `500` to `599`.

{{partial:collapse name="NetworkTrackingOptions.default"}}
| Name | Description | Value |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `captureRules` | Captures all hosts (except *.amplitude.com) with status code 500 to 599. | `[AMPNetworkTrackingCaptureRule(hosts: ["*"], statusCodeRange: "500-599")]` |
| `ignoreHosts` | Don't ignore any other hosts by default. | `[]` |
| `ignoreAmplitudeRequests` | Don't capture Amplitude requests by default. | `true` |

{{/partial:collapse}}

> Example usage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example use:
```
